Someone from overseas contacted me,
saying they urgently need a batch of weapons,
the quantity is larger than in any of their previous
transactions with us.
It's a significantly larger order.
How much larger?
As long as they can pay,
we'll sell it to them.
Okay, I'll have my people
prepare it.
By the way, Li You. I heard from Red that
international marriage is a complicated process.
You managed it in just a few days in Bangkok!
That's incredible!
International marriage is complicated,
but you've handled all the international red tape.
You're amazing. Come on,
best wishes for your wedding.
Also, be more careful next time.
Don't mess with my head again.